Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
Are you okay? Aren't
you meant to be at work?
I've been suspended.
Oh my God. why?
I found out Stagger took Josh to
see Monte Leburne after my dad died.
So I confronted him. We had an argument.
Everywhere I turn. Josh is there.
And I can't get to him.
He's blocked me on the app.
Stacey can't track him down.
Brendan's been trying
as well. but nothing.
- There must be something you can think of.
- No.
Kat. you need to stop searching
for him. Just let Josh go.
- I just wanna speak to him.
- Well. he doesn't wanna talk to you.
He told me himself.
What do you mean. he told you?
I saw Josh.
After he left you. I saw Josh.
When?
Um. the first time...
"The first time"?
A few months after he left.
he came to say goodbye.
And he said it was best
you didn't talk anymore.
Kat. I'd never seen him like that. He
was a mess. Like. destroyed. you know?
And you didn't think to mention
it? Drop it in over cocktails?
- It's been 11 years. Aqua.
- He asked me not to tell you.
Why?
The second time?
Tell me. Aqua.
Six months ago.
You saw Josh six months ago?
Where?
I was teaching
yoga in the park.
Was I at the class?
He was watching us.
He was watching you.
- Are you sure it was him?
- I was his flatmate for four years.
Of course I am. It was Josh.
Did you talk to him?
No. He'd left by the time
the class had finished.
Kat. here's the thing.
You were right there.
and if he wanted to talk
to you. he would've.
I'm so sorry.
You lied to me.
No. I just didn't tell you. Kat.
I was trying to protect you.
- Please. Kat. I'm so… I'm so sorry.
- Stacey?
I've got something on Josh.
You need to come see this.
Okay. I'm coming.
I called in a favor. and I found out
what happened to Josh after he left.
He was in a bar fight
11 years ago. A bad one.
Got arrested. Paid a fine. I'm
surprised he got off with just that.
- And then what happened?
- After the fight. there is nothing.
I mean nothing. It's crazy.
Like Josh just. poof. vanished.
There are no credit-card
charges. no passports.
no bank accounts.
I don't understand why he went
to see Leburne and didn't tell me.
You okay?
I'm fine. Thank you.
Bye.
Charlie?
Hi. are you coming in?
Haven't you spoken
to Stagger yet?
No. not yet. Why?
Hey. I've got that CCTV footage of
Dana Fells at the ATM the day she left.
We're checking to see if she
got on her flight to Costa Rica.
Can you get anything
else off the CCTV?
It doesn't show
us where she went next.
I've put in a CCTV request
to the shop next door.
- Hopefully. that'll show us a bit more.
- Can you send me the footage now?
Well. I can just show
you when you get here.
No. I've got a family thing I need to
deal with this morning. It can't wait.
Send me the footage now. Is there
anything new on the Rishi case?
Uh. no. not yet.
I'll let you know when we get
something. It's on its way to you now.
Okay. Thanks. Charlie.
Okay.
- You wanted to see me. sir?
- Take a seat.
I assume you've heard the
news about Monte Leburne.
Yeah.
Kat's been struggling with
it all. All the press.
I think it's brought everything
back about her father.
So she's asked to take a
step back for a few days.
She asked?
She's been told. I think she just
needs to get her head together.
So she's off the Rishi Magari
case and everything else as well.
I don't want you to have any contact
with her about any of her cases
until she's authorized
to come back in.
Do you understand?
I could take over as SIO.
My exam is soon. I'll
be official then anyway.
And I know her cases
better than anyone else.
Focus on your exam for now.
I've already handed this
to another team. so…
Yeah. but I… I could...
I'm sure they'll be very grateful
for any help that you can give them.
Thanks. Nia.
Sir.
We're off the Rishi case.
Wh… Why?
Stagger made Kat take a
break for personal reasons.
She's out. For now.
We're to have no
communication with her at all.
Uh-oh.
What did you do?
Well. I… I… I didn't know. I…
Well. if your boss asks you for
something. you… you send it to them.
- Hey.
- Welcome back.
Got your message.
Sure. help yourself.
Thinking burns calories.
Apples have this thing in them that helps
your brain work faster or something.
- You said you wanted to show me something?
- Yeah.
Take a look at this for
me. Is that your mum?
Yeah. that's
definitely Mum.
You're right. This is
nowhere near the airport.
Can you think of any reason why
she'd be there before her flight?
No.
You… you knew this Josh guy. Do
you think he could hurt my mum?
Oh. I'm…
The Josh I knew
wouldn't hurt her.
If it is him.
You said that you checked
your mum's bank statement.
Do… Does she have
any other accounts?
I mean. she… she mainly uses this
one. That's why I checked it.
But. yeah. she… she
has savings and stuff.
Do you have access to them?
Um… I mean. it wouldn't be too
hard to figure out the passwords.
They're always variations
on my birthday.
Okay. I need you to
look at those accounts.
Check everything since she
left. Any strange transactions.
Does this mean you
believe me now?
I don't know. Brendan.
but something's off.
You said you had
something for me on Josh?
Yeah. Um…
I took his picture from the app.
and I did an image search online.
And you got a result?
Well. not at first. which… It's… It's
pretty weird when you think about it.
I mean. who doesn't have one other photo
of them anywhere else on the internet?
The first search of Josh
came back with no hits.
But you… you know how they say
everything's online forever?
Uh…
- Explain it like I'm a five-year-old.
- That's what I'm doing.
Okay. simply put. for
the five-year-olds…
Thank you.
…when you delete something.
it isn't… isn't totally gone.
It's like you're
painting over your house.
You can paint over
the old color.
The old color's still there if
you scrape off the new paint.
So you scraped
off the new paint?
Yeah. something like that. I know a way
of searching through archived pages.
And?
He created a Facebook
profile and then deleted it.
And look. He… changed his name.
Reggie Cross?
I mean. if he changed his
name. there must be a trail.
Well. not if he changed it somewhere else.
Or maybe he didn't take the legal route.
I couldn't find any
record of it anywhere.
But that is him. right?
He liked Birra Vatella beer.
Yeah. that was Josh's favorite.
And he stayed at the Bolitar
Hotel. We stayed there a few times.
So it's not a catfish.
then? This is your ex?
It looks like Josh. yeah.
We had similar tastes.
Liked the same music.
Oh my God.
What is it?
♪ I ain't
missing you at all ♪
Come on! Come on!
♪ Since you
been gone away ♪
♪ I ain't missing you at all ♪
♪ Missing you ♪
♪ No matter…
Can I see the
footage of my mum again?
Yeah. of course.
Why Reggie Cross?
I just don't get why you would
set up a Facebook profile.
and then not use it.
and then delete it.
Do you have
access to any more angles?
We did put in a request. so I'll go
into the office now and… and take a look.
Don't worry. We're gonna find
her. okay? I promise you.
What are you doing?
You're not supposed to be here.
You need to delete that and…
and the video I sent you.
- Okay. Okay.
- Why are you on leave?
Can you chill?
I needed to get another
angle of the CCTV
because I believe Dana may
have gone to Costa Rica
with a man. Josh Buchanan. who
now calls himself Reggie Cross.
- So?
- Josh Buchanan is my ex-boyfriend.
I'm sorry. is this a joke? Some kind of
just "haze the new kid" kind of joke?
What I'm saying is that if we find
Josh. we may be able to find Dana too.
And the new CCTV angle from the
shop shows Dana getting into a car.
So you want me to
investigate your ex?
- Well. yeah.
- Right. yeah.
But. no. that's not what I'm saying.
I'm… It… It… This is about Dana.
Well. why didn't you ask Nia? Why
did you get me to send you the CCTV?
You think I'm stupid
enough to do what you want.
Does Stagger know about this?
- Okay. That's…
- What?
So some random kid
comes to you and claims
that… your ex-boyfriend has.
what. kidnapped their mum?
And you didn't think that was an important
fact to throw into an active police...
Easy now. new kid. We're all
trying to do the same thing here.
I mean. why shouldn't
I report this?
So I know you think
you're helping.
but whatever you're up to is probably
making things a hell of a lot worse.
Hello.
Brendan. how would your mum
usually get to the airport?
Would she use a car service?
Um… She uses
Albert Cabs sometimes.
Okay. leave it with me.
Hi.
I'm Detective Inspector
Kat Donovan.
Well. I have… I have a question
about one of your passengers.
It's really funny. actually.
because I've got a question
about why a pointless. racist.
misogynistic institution
like yours still exists.
Luckily. you are the very first
person who has ever said that to me.
so consider me enlightened.
Traitor.
- Boring.
- Mm.
I'm here about a missing
persons investigation
involving a local resident.
Dana Fells from Raymond Road.
Do you know her?
Yeah. she's a regular customer.
- She… she's missing?
- Yeah.
I actually used to date her
son. Brendan. for a bit.
Nice guy.
A little bit intense.
Yeah. I get that.
Uh. maybe you could
help me find her.
Did she book a car to
the airport last week?
Yeah. she had a booking at
8:00 p.m. last Saturday.
- Can I speak to her driver?
- No. She cancelled the night before.
She said her boyfriend
was getting her a Bentley.
and she sounded all happy about
it. like it was cool or something.
Must be an old person thing
because Bentleys are just ugh!
Hello?
Everything okay?
He wants to talk to you.
Yeah. good boy.
Go on. off you go.
You wanted to see me?
Take off your jacket.
Excuse me?
Well. it's a beautiful suit. but
there's no need for it in here.
Please. take it off.
Sure.
Trousers too.
I'm not wearing
a wire or anything.
Trousers.
I'm your most
loyal man. Titus.
Please. take a seat.
Clem here mentioned a funny little
fact about the last delivery.
Oh. um… The ATM?
- Mm-hmm.
- Right. yeah. Um…
I forgot my wallet.
And I know. Reynaldo. you always say
about carrying a bit of extra cash on me
in case something comes up and I
need a few quid to get out of it.
I didn't wanna drive back home.
not with the package in the back.
so I thought we could
stop off on the way.
There's an ATM just
up by Parkchester.
It's a tiny little place. no
cameras or anything. It was perfect.
It's an ATM. Claude.
There's always a camera.
I can give you the money
back. Just let me get the car...
How much money did
you have her take out?
How much?
Five hundred.
I don't see what we're doing here.
What's the point of all this?
We're taking risks. bringing
these people onto our premises.
The best way to hide is
to hide in plain sight.
If there's a farm
with people coming in
and out but no produce.
well. that's
suspicious. isn't it?
That's something one questions.
Gets people snooping.
But an eccentric. obsessive.
albeit charming. dog breeder.
one who breeds upscale dogs.
who has raised and
handled 14 champions.
and is one of only
six dog-show owners
to have won Best in
Show twice. twice.
at the All Counties Dog Show?
Well. who would question
a man like that?
People think my work is easy. but
it's the decisions that are hard.
What to keep. what to discard.
Not all dogs can
be show quality.
Some are merely pet quality.
and I have to send them away.
I've only spent half. The rest is
in my wallet. Check my trousers.
I'll put it back into her account.
No one will even know it's gone.
See? Look. there. You've got it. I will
get you the rest. Titus. I promise.
Are we good?
We are.
- Then can I please put my clothes back on?
- No.
The suit is expensive.
I don't wanna get
bloodstains on it.
Brendan? What's up?
Uncle Arty. have you
talked to Mum this week?
Why?
I've just checked her account. She's
taken out a quarter of a million.
It's private information.
I can't talk to you about this.
I've been talking to the police about
this guy she's been seeing. Josh Buchanan.
This Josh guy. he…
he's dangerous.
Brendan. your mother's
finances are confidential.
- You need to talk to her.
- That's the whole point.
She's with this Josh. and he's
not letting me talk to her.
Something's wrong.
I gotta go.
This is Charlie's
voicemail. Leave a message.
Please. I need your help.
Albert Cabs said Dana's boyfriend
sent a Bentley to pick her up.
so can you check the new CCTV
angle and run the license plate?
And check the flight
logs again. Thank you.
Yeah. hi. Mum.
Where are you?
It's little Nancy's christening
today. We said we'd go together.
I sent you the invite last
week. You said you'd drop by?
Nancy? Who…?
Oh. Khol and Flo's
granddaughter.
Is he gonna be there? I
really need to speak to him.
Yeah. of course.
Okay. I'm on my way.
And don't forget to bring a gift.
Apparently. Nancy likes green.
Um…
Hello?
Hello. everyone.
Welcome.
Uh. I… I just wanted to take
this opportunity. really.
to thank Rosina and Emmanuel
for this beautiful day.
Two families. um.
half a dozen communities.
and a whole lot of love
in this room for this…
…special little person.
I'd like everyone
to say hello to
our first grandchild.
So can we raise a glass?
To family.
To family!
Well done. Terry!
Lovely speech.
Aw!
Feeling broody?
- Maybe?
- No.
- No. no. No. not happening.
- Worth a try.
Where's he gone?
- Who?
- Khol.
Um… I'll be back in a minute.
All right. Kat?
I told her we should get
a load of Supermalt in.
She says. "No. no. no. Not that
sort of party. Dad. It's classy."
What's the first thing
people ask for? Supermalt.
Khol. I've been
meaning to tell you.
I saw Monte Leburne in
prison before he died.
He said he didn't do it.
No. he… he said that he only
took the blame for Dad's murder
because he was serving life
anyway and someone paid him.
He's messing with you. Kat.
He confessed.
I was the one who found the
knife with… Clint's blood on it.
- I'm not saying you didn't do a good job.
- Sounds a bit like it.
You let her see Monte Leburne?
Well. it wasn't
exactly up to me.
Kat's been through a lot. It's
a bit of a shock. isn't it?
I think it makes sense that she
gets things clear in her mind.
No. there are pieces
that just don't fit.
What about the second fingerprint on
the weapon? It was never identified.
- Dad?
- Oh. No. Get… Get a blanket on her.
She'll catch her death out here.
I'll be in in a second. all right?
I'm telling you. Kat.
You can run the fingerprints
again. They're nothing.
Your dad was the best
policeman I ever worked with.
and Monte Leburne killed him.
- Kat. Kat. w...
- I'm not talking to you about this now.
- Yeah. hello?
- We'll pick this up later.
Yeah. this is Kat Donovan.
How badly is he hurt?
Hey. What happened?
Someone nicked my phone.
Sorry to call you.
They tried Mum first. but obviously
she still didn't answer. so…
That's all right.
Do you really think
she's having so much fun
that she would ignore a call from
the hospital saying that I'm injured?
I got a lead.
You don't have a lead.
You're not a detective.
- I found you. didn't I?
- All right. Poirot.
Who? Seriously. we need to get a move
on. He'll be heading out for lunch soon.
- We need to talk to him before he leaves.
- Who?
Uncle Arty.
I got into my Mum's accounts.
but the money's gone.
- We need to see her financial advisor.
- Stop. Stop.
You've just been assaulted.
- Okay?
- It was just a shove.
A shove is more than enough.
okay? We don't know who did it.
They could've targeted you
specifically. Who might do that?
- It doesn't matter who it was.
- It matters to me. okay?
- So just let me do my job.
- No.
- And let me investigate.
- No!
Last year in Portugal.
I swam too far out.
Right? It was a riptide.
and it just kept dragging
me down and further out.
And then Mum was there.
She'd been swimming nearby the whole
time. just watching. just in case.
She grabs me and
says. "Don't let go."
But now the tide is
pulling us both out.
Now. I'm the strong one. right?
I should be taking care of her.
But I started panicking. and
I started pushing her away.
But she just held on to
me. and she kept going.
And she kept going until
she got us onto land.
Now. she would've held
on no matter what. right?
Even… even if I dragged
her down with me.
And now it's… it's
my turn to hold on.
So I don't care if someone's coming
after me too. Don't you get that?
I do.
If she's in trouble. I'm
gonna keep looking for her.
You coming?
Yes.
Brendan?
- What happened to your face?
- Someone stole my phone.
We're trying to
trace the assailant.
Mum transferred £250.000 out
of her account this week.
I need to know who it went to.
And… you are?
Hi. sorry. I'm Detective
Inspector Kat Donovan.
We just have a few questions
about Dana's recent
financial transactions.
Do you have a warrant?
He reported his mum
missing earlier this week.
I see.
See what?
Brendan. wait outside.
Go.
He's done this before. you know?
Only child. Grieving mum.
It's not surprising. really.
She barely left
his side for years.
Until along came Giles.
A little dull. maybe.
but all Dana wanted was
a little bit of dull.
Except Brendan
didn't take it well.
He drove Giles away.
and she was alone again.
- Just like Brendan wanted.
- I don't think that's what this is.
I can assure you
Dana isn't missing.
I spoke to her
yesterday. on the phone.
She's on holiday.
And what about the
money transfer?
She transferred the money to
an account in Switzerland.
No. I'm gonna need
more than that.
She's buying a house overseas.
That's what the money
is for. Her dream home.
She didn't wanna break it
to Brendan over the phone.
She'll tell him herself
when she's back.
I… I don't understand.
The man she's with. He proposed.
He proposed?
Yeah. They're
getting married.
Finally!
- Hi.
- You didn't call me back. Can I come in?
As you're here.
I'm sorry about earlier.
Oh.
Wasn't expecting millionaire
chic on… on our wages.
Yeah. well. uh. I…
Well. my mum… my mum did it.
I'm pretty sure she just gave the
designer a copy of Bachelor Pad Monthly
and just said. you
know. "Have at it!"
Why are you here. Kat?
I… I need you to look into
a Swiss bank account for me.
- It's gonna help us find Dana.
- You're not supposed to be working.
Dana's still missing.
Her son was attacked today.
Then someone followed me. It just…
None of this is making sense.
Me and Josh. I know you think I'm
looking into him for personal reasons.
I'm not.
Josh
was someone that I thought I was going
to spend the rest of my life with.
And now I have started
to find out things
that he was… keeping from me.
Things that he
should've told me.
And it made me realize
that I don't know him
as well as I thought.
I don't know him.
Brendan asked me if his
mum was safe with Josh.
and a week ago. I would've said.
"Yeah. of course. It's Josh."
But now I don't know.
I. uh… I think you're right.
I think something is wrong.
The airline came back to me. Um…
Dana missed her flight.
Once I knew that. I couldn't stop
thinking about everything you said.
So I checked all the other
flights to Costa Rica that week.
No luck. but I ran down the
license plate from the CCTV angle.
Turns out it belongs to
a Mr. James Isherwood.
Okay.
Except it's very much not.
I called Mr. Isherwood. and it
transpires he's halfway up Machu Picchu.
He said he left his car in the airport's
long-term parking nearly two weeks ago.
- So someone stole his Bentley?
- Close but not quite.
He owns a Ford
Focus. not a Bentley.
so someone must have
cloned his plate.
- Clever.
- Mm-hmm.
That's all I can do for tonight.
but I'll get the info on the
Swiss account as soon as I can.
Let's start looking
wider than Costa Rica.
see if Dana got on a
flight anywhere else.
Hey. uh… I…
I don't mean to pry.
but I. um. I… I saw
all that press stuff
about that. um.
that Monte Leburne.
Are you all right?
It's a lot.
But him dying has made me think
about my… my dad's case again.
There was a second fingerprint
on the murder weapon
which was never identified. and
everyone else thinks it's a dead end.
But there's never been a match.
So I'm wondering whether you
could run it again for me.
Please.
God. you're not… you're not great
at letting things go. are you?
No.
Thank you.
Oh. hello.
Um…
- I'm here for work.
- Yeah. Yeah. yeah.
Hate to be that guy. but there's
rules about this sort of thing.
Says the woman on leave.
What exactly have
you been up to. Kat?
Be gentle with him.
Yeah. Yeah. come in.
You wanted to talk to me. or…?
Khol didn't need
that from you today.
It wasn't the right time
to talk about Leburne.
Khol gave everything
to your father's case.
- And you still think you know better.
- I know you're lying about something.
You've had over a decade.
Why didn't you just tell
me that you took Josh...
- I told you.
- It doesn't make sense.
Your story doesn't make sense.
What do you think I did?
Do you honestly think that
I would hurt your father?
I don't know. It's
not adding up.
Leburne. you. Josh… Calligan.
There's all these…
these little secrets.
and no one's telling me
what really happened.
All right.
What does the file
say about Calligan?
The usual. He worked his way up from
a minor dealer to a local kingpin.
Money laundering. drugs. violence.
Police tried to catch him. They couldn't.
Come on. Kat. What's the one thing
you think is missing from the record?
- Calligan had help.
- From?
The police.
That's the only way someone like
him could've survived that long.
So what's the next question
you should be asking?
Who did he have on the take?
Never asked yourself how
your dad afforded that flat?
The one that you live in now.
It was cheap. He
got a good deal.
Is that what you tell yourself?
Clint betrayed us.
Your dad was working
for Calligan.
He decided he didn't want
to work for him anymore.
He wanted to get out.
So Calligan had him killed.
That's the truth.
Did Mum know?
Mum?
What's up?
I spoke to Stagger about Dad.
Did you know?
Do you know what.
love? I am… shattered.
Flo had me round at dawn
to help set everything up.
so can we just
leave this. please?
And here I thought you
were always honest with me.
You knew.
Did you know who
Dad was working for?
I never asked.
And what about my flat?
Who paid for that?
- So many fucking lies.
- You're not married. You don't understand.
- Don't give me that.
- You're gonna judge me?
For 11 years.
you and Stagger and everyone
else. you've lied to me.
And all this time. you knew. You
should have told me about this. Mum.
You kids. you think that
honesty solves everything.
It's not some tiny little
detail. It's why he's dead.
No. No.
He's dead because of that
odious. disgusting man.
Your father loved you.
You know that.
You know how he grew up.
how… how bad it was for him.
There's nothing he wouldn't have
done to have given you a good life.
Is that not enough?
Is that it?
Is that everything?
What else did Stagger tell you?
What do you mean?
Yeah. maybe it's best you know.
I let you put us on
too high a pedestal.
That's why you had such unrealistic
goals in your own relationships.
What are you talking about?
Every policeman in those
days. Well. every husband…
Tessie's Ed.
Flo's first husband. Gary.
they all…
They all what?
I heard the rumors.
Wives always do.
Everyone whispering when
you walk into church.
About this other woman.
Who was she?
I don't know.
Did you say anything to him?
No.
But don't you dare judge me.
And don't you dare judge him.
He would have plucked the
moon for you if he could.
So you just…
He loved us.
You know that.
And his life. it…
it was not easy.
So now you know.
Now I know.
Ah!
Dad.
Thank you. I love you.
- I love you too.
- Mm-hmm.
Hi. Charlie.
Hi. I'm about
to send you something.
I analyzed the activity logs of your
ex-boyfriend's Facebook profile.
Where is he?
I've no idea.
I can't find any trace of him. but
I did find something really strange.
I've just sent you the picture.
Turns out Josh didn't set up
his profile. Some kid did.
She's only nine.
- I've gotta go. I'll call you back.
- Okay.
Hello?
Kat Donovan?
Yeah?
It's DC Glass. We've arrested
Brendan Fells' attacker.
Sadie! You
said you'd clean this up.
Oh my God. I told you.
I've done it already.
You got ten minutes. okay?
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org